Input:
    User query q
    Rice document knowledge base KB
    Rice knowledge graph G
    Evidence mapping table T_map
    Maximum number of sub-questions N
    Number of retrieved chunks K
    Language model LLM

Output:
    Evidence-grounded answer a
    Reasoning trace T_reason
    Supporting evidence set E_final

1. Receive user query q from the adaptive routing module

2. Normalize q:
       Standardize rice-domain terms,
       identify rice varieties, regions, diseases, pests,
       growth stages, environmental factors, and management goals

3. Analyze the complexity of q:
       Detect whether q contains multiple constraints,
       such as region, season, growth stage, climate stress,
       disease severity, pest pressure, or cultivation objective

4. Decompose q into sub-questions:
       Q = {q1, q2, ..., qm}, where m <= N

       Example:
           q1: Identify the growth stage and management objective
           q2: Retrieve relevant disease or pest information
           q3: Retrieve water and fertilizer management evidence
           q4: Integrate evidence and generate a final recommendation

5. Initialize evidence set E_all as an empty set
6. Initialize reasoning trace T_reason as an empty list

7. For each sub-question qi in Q do

8.     Retrieve text evidence from KB:
           Use qi as the retrieval query
           Retrieve top-K candidate chunks from KB

9.     Retrieve graph evidence from G if qi contains explicit entities:
           Link entities in qi to graph nodes
           Retrieve related triples, paths, or neighboring nodes

10.    Merge text evidence and graph evidence:
           E_i = text evidence ∪ graph evidence

11.    Rank E_i according to:
           relevance to qi,
           source reliability,
           evidence completeness,
           and consistency with other retrieved evidence

12.    Select top-ranked evidence for qi

13.    Append selected evidence to E_all

14.    Record intermediate reasoning step:
           <sub-question qi, selected evidence, local conclusion>

15. End For

16. Integrate evidence from all sub-questions:
       Remove duplicated evidence,
       resolve conflicting evidence,
       and keep evidence directly related to q

17. Construct reasoning prompt:
       Include original query q,
       decomposed sub-questions Q,
       selected evidence E_all,
       and instructions for evidence-grounded reasoning

18. Generate preliminary answer:
       a_pre = LLM(reasoning prompt)

19. Verify answer consistency:
       For each key statement in a_pre:
           Check whether it is supported by E_all
           Check whether it conflicts with retrieved evidence
           Check whether it ignores important constraints in q

20. If unsupported or conflicting content is found then
       Revise the reasoning trace
       Remove unsupported statements
       Regenerate or refine the answer

21. Select final evidence:
       E_final = evidence actually used to support the final answer

22. Generate final answer a:
       The answer should be concise,
       condition-aware,
       and supported by evidence identifiers when available

23. Return a, T_reason, and E_final
```
