Input:
    User query q
    Rice knowledge graph G = (V, E)
    Rice document knowledge base KB
    Evidence mapping table T_map
    Maximum graph path length h
    Number of retrieved text chunks K
    Language model LLM

Output:
    Evidence-grounded answer a
    Supporting evidence set E_final

1. Receive user query q from the adaptive routing module

2. Normalize q:
       Standardize rice variety names, disease names, pest names,
       growth-stage terms, and regional expressions

3. Detect key entities in q:
       Entity types may include rice variety, disease, pest, pathogen,
       symptom, agronomic trait, cultivation measure, growth stage,
       suitable region, and environmental factor

4. Link detected entities to graph nodes in G:
       For each detected entity e_q:
           Find candidate nodes V_c in G by exact matching, alias matching,
           dictionary matching, or semantic similarity
           Select the node with the highest matching score
           Add the linked node to seed node set V_seed

5. If V_seed is empty then
       Fall back to document retrieval from KB
       Retrieve top-K text chunks using dense or hybrid retrieval
       Construct evidence set E_text
       Go to Step 13
   End If

6. Retrieve graph evidence from G:
       For each seed node v in V_seed:
           Search neighboring nodes and relation paths within path length h
           Extract triples related to the query intent
           Add retrieved triples to graph evidence set E_graph

7. Rank graph evidence:
       Estimate relevance between q and each triple or relation path
       Prioritize evidence with:
           higher entity matching score,
           shorter relation path,
           clearer relation type,
           and stronger support from source documents

8. Retrieve supporting text chunks:
       For each selected graph triple or relation path r:
           Use T_map to locate supporting chunk identifiers
           Retrieve corresponding text chunks from KB
           Add them to text evidence set E_text

9. Supplement evidence with text retrieval:
       Use q to retrieve additional top-K chunks from KB
       Add relevant chunks to E_text

10. Merge evidence:
       E_candidate = E_graph ∪ E_text

11. Remove duplicated or low-quality evidence:
       Delete repeated chunks,
       remove unrelated triples,
       and discard evidence with weak relevance to q

12. Select final evidence:
       E_final = top-ranked evidence from E_candidate

13. Construct generation prompt:
       Include user query q,
       selected graph triples or relation paths,
       supporting text chunks,
       and instruction to generate an evidence-grounded answer

14. Generate answer:
       a = LLM(prompt)

15. Check evidence grounding:
       For each key statement in a:
           Verify whether it is supported by E_final
           Attach evidence identifiers when available

16. If unsupported statements are detected then
       Revise or remove unsupported content
       Regenerate answer if necessary
   End If

17. Return final answer a and supporting evidence set E_final
```
